Fix problems with timeouts in graphql_transport_ws (#2703)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> `grapql-transport-ws`: Don't start the sub-protocol timeout until the `websockets` connection handshake is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release improves the `graphql-transport-ws` implementation by starting the sub-protocol timeout only when the connection handshake is completed.
```
